So what's the opposite of pull?
Well, push, right?
Awesome.
So if you wish to take your changes and
move them to a remote repo,
you can do this with git push.
If you're not tracking, git push won't
work just like git pull wouldn't work.
So you have to be able to be
tracking a branch on a remote.
Again, if you properly name it as origin,
git has a magic around it where you check
it out, it'll do some auto tracking for
you, which is fantastic.
So let's make some changes to bar and
push it to hello-git.
So I'm gonna go here in remote-git and
I'm gonna go git checkout bar.
Now notice, when I git checkout,
look what it does.
It automatically does the tracking for me.
Awesome, so now I can just git push.
And notice that I didn't
have to create a new branch,
I already had this branch
in my remotes directory.
If you have several remotes, it can
cause some problems and all of sudden
checking out can be a little bit more of
a pain depending on how you name things.
That's why the whole git checkout
me bar I thought was funny, but
it also can be a pain.
Anyways, so, we've now switched to bar,
we'll do a little quick change.
Let me just make sure that this
is how we're gonna do this.
Let's see.
Create a single commit,
CHANGE FROM REMOTE, there we go.
And we're gonna add it
to the end of README.
So everyone do that,
add one line to the end of README in bar.
So I'm gonna go vim README, go down here,
changes from remote, git status.
Yeah, there's only one file changed,
git add, git commit, changes from remote,
there we go.
So now I can take this and
I can push it to my remote.
I can go git push, and look at that,
we've just updated back bar in hello-git.
If I switch over to hello-git and
go git log bar --oneline,
you'll see this right here.
It's been updated for us, cuz I pushed and
it changed it on the remote.
So this should be pretty familiar to you,
because it's like you already do this with
git hub a bunch, so
none of this should be a surprise.
Probably, the only real surprising part
is the fact that it's just two folders on
your computer, right?
Again, folders, directories, I know,
windows, played Doom, loved Doom,
Doom was a great game.
So we pushed all the changes, we've logged
it out, we can see all the changes,
a change from remote, so
that's pretty awesome, right?
Now, you may be asking or questioning
this, why was bar moved forward for us?
We fetched the results,
it didn't move our branches forward, but
why wouldn't we push it to do it?
Well, we're not checked out, right?
That branch isn't checked out.
We're not using that branch
in any sort of capacity and
we're doing a push, which is analogous
to doing like a fetch and a merge.
We're just doing it for them.
And so that's what's happening on the
other side, it's fetching, it's merging,
it's updating its reference for
bar, and there we go.
It's like the opposite of pull.
I'm gonna every now and then say the word
upstream instead of origin, upstream,
that is just by accident,
old habits kind of die hard.
When I say upstream I mean hello-git.
So, when I say origin I mean hello-git,
cuz remember,
we have a dependency of
remote get on hello-git,
but hello-git doesn't have its
remote setup to remote, right?
So it's a one-way relationship right now.
So we're just gonna pretend
hello-git is github, for this case.